APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**
**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

WINDOW.TITLE   Changes the title of the active window


APP.TITLE

Changes the title of the Microsoft Excel application workspace to the
title you specify. The title appears at the top of the application
window. Use APP.TITLE to control the application title when you're using
Microsoft Excel to create a custom application. This function does not
apply to Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**APP.TITLE**(text)

Text    is the title you want to assign to the Microsoft Excel
application workspace. If text is omitted, it is restored to Microsoft
Excel.

**Remarks**

  - > The custom application title, followed by the individual workbook
    > title, will appear in the application title bar if the workbook is
    > maximized.

  - > APP.TITLE does not affect DDE communications. You will still refer
    > to the application as "Excel".

>  

**Related Function**

[WINDOW.TITLE](WINDOW.TITLE.md)   Changes the title of the active window


