AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

CLEAR.OUTLINE   Removes outlining from the current sheet

OUTLINE   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


AUTO.OUTLINE

Equivalent to clicking the Auto Outline command on the Group And Outline
submenu of the Data menu. Creates an outline within the selection. If a
single cell is selected, creates an outline for the entire sheet.

**Syntax**

**AUTO.OUTLINE**( )

**Related Functions**

[CLEAR.OUTLINE](CLEAR.OUTLINE.md)   Removes outlining from the current sheet

[OUTLINE](OUTLINE.md)   Creates an outline and defines settings for automatically
creating outlines


