CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

FILE.CLOSE   Closes the active workbook

QUIT   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

SAVE   Saves the active workbook


CLOSE.ALL

Equivalent to clicking the Close All command on the File menu. The Close
All command appears when you hold down SHIFT while selecting the File
menu. Closes all protected and unprotected windows and all hidden
windows. If unsaved changes have been made to the workbook in one or
more windows, a message is displayed asking if you want to save each
workbook.

**Syntax**

**CLOSE.ALL**( )

**Related Functions**

[CLOSE](CLOSE.md)   Closes the active window

[FILE.CLOSE](FILE.CLOSE.md)   Closes the active workbook

[QUIT](QUIT.md)   Ends a Microsoft Excel session

[SAVE](SAVE.md)   Saves the active workbook


