DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.NAME   Defines a name in the active workbook

GET.NAME   Returns the definition of a name

SET.NAME   Defines a name as a value


DELETE.NAME

Equivalent to clicking the Delete button in the Define Name dialog box,
which appears when you click the Define command on the Name submenu of
the Insert menu. Deletes the specified name.

**Syntax**

**DELETE.NAME**(**name\_text**)

Name\_text    is a text value specifying the name that you want to
delete.

**Important   **Formulas that use names in their arguments may return
incorrect or error values when a name used in the formula is deleted.

**Related Functions**

[DEFINE.NAME](DEFINE.NAME.md)   Defines a name in the active workbook

[GET.NAME](GET.NAME.md)   Returns the definition of a name

[SET.NAME](SET.NAME.md)   Defines a name as a value


