FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

DEFINE.STYLE   Creates or changes a cell style

FONT.PROPERTIES   Sets various font properties


FONT

Equivalent to clicking the Font command on the Options menu in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh version 1.5 or earlier. This function is
included only for macro compatibility. Sets the font for the Normal
style. Microsoft Excel now uses the FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE
functions. For more information, see FONT.PROPERTIES and DEFINE.STYLE.

**Syntax**

**FONT**(**name\_text, size\_num**)

**FONT**?(name\_text, size\_num)

**Related Functions**

[DEFINE.STYLE](DEFINE.STYLE.md)   Creates or changes a cell style

[FONT.PROPERTIES](FONT.PROPERTIES.md)   Sets various font properties


