FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

DATA.SERIES   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

FORMULA   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

FORMULA.ARRAY   Enters an array


FORMULA.FILL

Enters a formula in the range specified or in the current selection.
Equivalent to entering a formula in a range of cells while pressing
CTRL+ENTER in Microsoft Excel for Windows or OPTION+ENTER in Microsoft
Excel for the Macintosh.

**Syntax**

**FORMULA.FILL**(**formula\_text**, reference)

Formula\_text    is the text with which you want to fill the range. For
more information on formula\_text, see FORMULA.

Reference    specifies where formula\_text is entered. It can be a
reference to a range in the active worksheet or an external reference to
a named workbook. If omitted, formula\_text is entered in the current
selection.

**Related Functions**

[DATA.SERIES](DATA.SERIES.md)   Fills a range of cells with a series of numbers or dates

[FORMULA](FORMULA.md)   Enters values into a cell or range or onto a chart

[FORMULA.ARRAY](FORMULA.ARRAY.md)   Enters an array


