IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

IF

Used with ELSE, ELSE.IF, and END.IF to control which formulas in a macro
are executed. There are two syntax forms of the IF function. The
following syntax can be used on macro sheets only; use it when you want
your macro to branch to a particular set of functions based on the
outcome of a logical test. The worksheet form of this function can be
used on worksheets and macro sheets.

**Syntax**

**IF**(**logical\_test**)

Logical\_test    is a logical value that IF uses to determine which
functions to carry out next—that is, where to branch.

  - > If logical\_test is TRUE, Microsoft Excel carries out the
    > functions between the IF function and the next ELSE, ELSE.IF, or
    > END.IF function. Instructions between ELSE.IF or ELSE and END.IF
    > are not carried out.

  - > If logical\_test is FALSE, Microsoft Excel immediately branches to
    > the next ELSE.IF, ELSE, or END.IF function.

  - > If logical\_test produces an error, the macro halts.

