MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**
**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

MAIL.LOGOFF   Ends the current mail session


MAIL.LOGON

Starts a mail session.

**Important   **To use MAIL.LOGON in Microsoft Excel for Windows, you
must be using a mail client that supports the Messaging Applications
Programming Interface (MAPI) or Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM). The
function is available for only Microsoft Excel for Windows.

**Syntax**

**MAIL.LOGON**(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

**MAIL.LOGON**?(name\_text, password\_text, download\_logical)

Name\_text    is the username of the mail account or Microsoft Exchange
profile name. If omitted, prompts for username.

Password\_text    is the password for the account. If omitted, prompts
for password. Ignored when the dialog box form is used. This argument is
ignored in Microsoft Exchange.

Download\_logical    specifies whether to download new mail. Use TRUE to
download new mail; use FALSE or leave blank to skip downloading new
mail.

**Remarks**

Returns FALSE if you cancel the dialog box or \#VALUE\! if you can't log
on.

If you omit both name\_text and password\_text, Microsoft Excel tries to
log on using an existing mail session.

**Related Function**

[MAIL.LOGOFF](MAIL.LOGOFF.md)   Ends the current mail session


