REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.DELETE   Removes a report from the active workbook


REPORT.PRINT

Equivalent to clicking the Print button in the Report Manager dialog
box. Prints a report.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.PRINT**(**report\_name**, copies\_num,
show\_print\_dlg\_logical)

**REPORT.PRINT**?(report\_name, copies\_num)

Report\_name    specifies the name of a report in the active workbook.

Copies\_num    is the number of copies you want to print. If omitted,
the default is 1.

Show\_print\_dlg\_logical    is a logical value that, if TRUE, displays
a dialog box asking how many copies to print, or, if FALSE or omitted,
prints the report immediately using existing print settings.

**Remarks**

REPORT.PRINT returns the \#VALUE\! error value if report\_name is
invalid or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

[REPORT.DEFINE](REPORT.DEFINE.md)   Creates a report

[REPORT.DELETE](REPORT.DELETE.md)   Removes a report from the active workbook


