REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

REPORT.DEFINE   Creates a report

REPORT.PRINT   Prints a report

REPORT.GET   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


REPORT.DELETE

Equivalent to clicking the Report Manager command on the View menu and
then selecting a report in the Report Manager dialog box and clicking
the Delete button. Removes a report definition from the active workbook.

If this function is not available, you must install the Report Manager
add-in.

**Syntax**

**REPORT.DELETE**(**report\_name**)

Report\_name    specifies the name of the report to be removed.
Report\_name can be any text that does not contain quotation marks.

**Remarks**

REPORT.DELETE returns the \#VALUE error value if report\_name is invalid
or if the workbook is protected.

**Related Functions**

[REPORT.DEFINE](REPORT.DEFINE.md)   Creates a report

[REPORT.PRINT](REPORT.PRINT.md)   Prints a report

[REPORT.GET](REPORT.GET.md)   Returns information about reports defined for the active
workbook


