SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

CLOSE   Closes the active window

GET.DOCUMENT   Returns information about a workbook

SAVE   Saves the active workbook

SAVE.AS   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


SAVE.WORKBOOK

Equivalent to clicking the Save Workbook command on the File menu in
Microsoft Excel version 4.0. Provided for compatibility with Microsoft
Excel version 4.0. Saves the workbook to which the active sheet belongs.
To save Microsoft Excel version 5.0 or later workbooks, use SAVE.AS.

**Syntax**

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

**SAVE.WORKBOOK**?(document\_text, type\_num, prot\_pwd, backup,
write\_res\_pwd, read\_only\_rec)

For a description of the arguments, see SAVE.AS.

**Related Functions**

[CLOSE](CLOSE.md)   Closes the active window

[GET.DOCUMENT](GET.DOCUMENT.md)   Returns information about a workbook

[SAVE](SAVE.md)   Saves the active workbook

[SAVE.AS](SAVE.AS.md)   Saves a workbook and allows you to specify the name, file
type, password, backup file, and location of the workbook


