SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**
**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

SET.DIALOG.FOCUS   Sets the focus of a dialog box


SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT

Sets which button is automatically pressed (the default button) when the
user presses ENTER. While running, this default button is visually
recognized by its thick border. This function is used only with a dialog
sheet active.

**Syntax**

**SET.DIALOG.DEFAULT**(**object\_id\_text**)

Object\_id\_text    is the name of the button control to set as the
default button, as in "Button 5".

**Related Function**

[SET.DIALOG.FOCUS](SET.DIALOG.FOCUS.md)   Sets the focus of a dialog box


