SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

SLIDE.CUT.ROW   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard

SLIDE.DEFAULTS   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

SLIDE.DELETE.ROW   Deletes the selected slides

SLIDE.EDIT   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

SLIDE.GET   Returns information about a slide or slide show

SLIDE.PASTE   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

SLIDE.PASTE.ROW   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

SLIDE.SHOW   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


SLIDE.COPY.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Copy Row button on a slide show sheet. Copies
the selected slides, each of which is defined on a single row, to the
Clipboard.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.COPY.ROW**( )

**Remarks**

  - > SLIDE.COPY.ROW, SLIDE.CUT.ROW, SLIDE.DELETE.ROW, and
    > SLIDE.PASTE.ROW return TRUE if successful, or FALSE if not
    > successful. If the active sheet is not a slide show or is
    > protected, these functions return the \#N/A error value. If the
    > current selection is not valid, these functions return the
    > \#VALUE\! error value.

>  

**Related Functions**

[SLIDE.CUT.ROW](SLIDE.CUT.ROW.md)   Cuts the selected slides and pastes them onto the
[C](C.md)lipboard

[SLIDE.DEFAULTS](SLIDE.DEFAULTS.md)   Specifies default values for the active slide show
sheet

[SLIDE.DELETE.ROW](SLIDE.DELETE.ROW.md)   Deletes the selected slides

[SLIDE.EDIT](SLIDE.EDIT.md)   Changes the attributes of the selected slide

[SLIDE.GET](SLIDE.GET.md)   Returns information about a slide or slide show

[SLIDE.PASTE](SLIDE.PASTE.md)   Pastes the contents of the Clipboard onto a slide

[SLIDE.PASTE.ROW](SLIDE.PASTE.ROW.md)   Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the
current selection

[SLIDE.SHOW](SLIDE.SHOW.md)   Starts a slide show in the active sheet


