SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**
**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

SLIDE.COPY.ROW   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
Clipboard


SLIDE.PASTE.ROW

This function should not be used in Microsoft Excel 95 or later because
the Slide Show add-in is available only in Microsoft Excel version 5.0
or earlier versions.

Equivalent to clicking the Paste Row button on a slide show sheet.
Pastes previously cut or copied slides onto the current selection. For
more information, see SLIDE.COPY.ROW.

If this function is not available, you must install the Slide Show
add-in.

**Syntax**

**SLIDE.PASTE.ROW**( )

**Related Function**

[SLIDE.COPY.ROW](SLIDE.COPY.ROW.md)   Copies the selected slides and pastes them onto the
[C](C.md)lipboard


