WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**
**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

WINDOW.MINIMIZE   Minimizes a window

WINDOW.MOVE   Moves a window

WINDOW.RESTORE   Restores a window to its previous size

WINDOW.SIZE   Changes the size of a window


WINDOW.MAXIMIZE

Changes the active window from its normal size to full size. In
Microsoft Excel for Windows, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
pressing CTRL+F10 or double-clicking the title bar. In Microsoft Excel
for the Macintosh, using WINDOW.MAXIMIZE is equivalent to
double-clicking the title bar or clicking the zoom box.

**Syntax**

**WINDOW.MAXIMIZE**(window\_text)

Window\_text    specifies which window to switch to and maximize.
Window\_text is text enclosed in quotation marks or a reference to a
cell containing text. If window\_text is omitted, the active window is
maximized.

**Remarks**

WINDOW.MAXIMIZE replaces FULL(TRUE) in earlier versions of Microsoft
Excel.

**Related Functions**

[WINDOW.MINIMIZE](WINDOW.MINIMIZE.md)   Minimizes a window

[WINDOW.MOVE](WINDOW.MOVE.md)   Moves a window

[WINDOW.RESTORE](WINDOW.RESTORE.md)   Restores a window to its previous size

[WINDOW.SIZE](WINDOW.SIZE.md)   Changes the size of a window


